If you're married before you deploy, you need to think about a little,
uh, a living will. Um, you need thio. Anything that you know your spouse
will have trouble with doing by themselves. Trying to make it
any way you could make that easier for them is very important. You remember
when you deploy, you're typically going to a ship, and if you
forget something, someone can send it to you. So it's not terribly.
It's not a terrible thing, if you for forget something. But it's more
of what will cause you. Stress is if something occurs back home
that you have that you could have controlled, but you don't have anything
place to control it then. So that's what you need to focus on
ensuring your family as well set up and taking care of before you leave
home as faras stuff taking with you on deployment that you'll learn
about that when you talk with your fellow jails and that shouldn't
be too much of a stressor